




From:
Ball@emeritus.evms.edu
To:
ovande+pms@gmail.com
CC:
Subject:
Perceptual and Motor Skills - Decision on Manuscript ID PMS-23-0382
Body:
23-Jan-2024

Dear Dr. Furtado Jr:

I write you in regards to manuscript # PMS-23-0382 entitled "Collecting Concurrent Validity, Expert-Rater Agreement, and Inter/Intra-Rater Reliability for the ANONYMIZED" which you submitted to Perceptual and Motor Skills.

I received peer reviewer recommendations for this article of Major Revisions and Reject, respectively.  In light of these recommendations and the detailed reports of these reviewers (see below), I have decided to reject this article for publication in Perceptual and Motor Skills.  I hope the reviewers' feedback is helpful to you.  Thank you for this submission.

Reviewer(s)' Comments to Author:

Reviewer: 1

Comments to the Author
Authors:
This paper was a study of the reliability and validity of a task (ANONYMIZED) already developed to measure FMS; the agreement between the TGMD-2 and the AMONYMIZED was examined using Bland-Altman analysis. They also analyzed the agreement of evaluators' and experts' ratings. The results showed that there was no problematic agreement in either case.

[DONE] However, there were a few points that were difficult to understand. First, the definition of "expert" was not clear. In the paper, the roles and sources of each of the 16 raters were clearly stated, but what is an expert?

[??] Also, if possible, it would be good to indicate the significance of reliability and validity in the comparative study conducted on each of them.

[DONE] Where is the significance of comparing video analysis and live analysis? It seems that the analysis is proceeding without sufficient explanation to the reader.

It would be better to have the authors clearly explain what they have found and what has become problematic, given the developments they have made up to that point. In short, the analysis in this study should be described more clearly in relation to the history of the study up to that point.

The explanation of the combinations shown by IR1, IR2, and IR3 is repeated many times. The redundancy made it difficult to read.
Also, although basic, statistical symbols should be indicated in italics or underbar. It would be helpful to refer to the APA's notation in this area.


Reviewer: 2

Comments to the Author
Review of article PMS-23-0382
Thank you for letting me review this article. In this article collecting concurrent validity, expert-rater agreement, and inter/intra-rater reliability for the ANONYMIZED was investigated.

DONE- A comparison is made between a gross motor skills test (TGMD-2) and an ANONYMIZED test. Probably as part of the anonymously made data, all references necessary to study the test itself are impossible. There are 4 completely useless references….

no information about the content of the new test is given. How long the test lasts, which decision tree is made for the other 7 FMS is unclear as only one decision tree is mentioned. The only thing we know is that the test consists of three locomotor skills and five manual motor skills. 

These data are not even introduced in the methods, we find these details on the study ICCs only in the tables. Let alone that the abbreviations are explained in the abstract or text. This is also lacking. Then what is also lacking is that we do not know how exactly the procedure is performed with the 5 testers and the 2 tests.

Especially the inter-rater reliability is for us difficult to follow. The live scores of all 5 raters are incorporated in the test. This means the child performs the ANONYMIZED 5 times…..all on the same day? Or the child performs the test and 5 testers all score the same live event but that is not how it works in practice, as a tester you are always alone with the child. If all testers are doing the test separately the child has in the end 20 tries for every single item of the ANOYMIZED test items. At the end of the experiment, the child has had 160 trials on 3 locomotor items and 5 manual ones. This implies: the child has had at the end a lot of practice. Additionally, the child has per tester 1 practice trial and then three trials, it is not described how is decided when the execution is for example 2 times a 2 and one time a 3….the best is taken? No information is given on this.
As far as the TGMD-2 scores are concerned we read that they are converted to standard scores enabling normative data for age…..how this is done in the ANONYMIZED data, this is not clear. What do the investigators use? Normative data? On only 34 children we think this is not possible. As these raw data are not converted into anything we are very concerned about the results of this study. The age range (6 years in the ANONYMIZED) is too large so that the variability due to the ability of the child is not recognizable anymore as the improvement over age will be so large. The data should be split up in age bands of one year, but then the amount of children per year will be very low.  
As far as the statistics are concerned on Bland Altmann etc. this looks fine, but as we think it is based on the raw data of the ANONYMIZED test, we can not check this at all. As already stated, we do not even know the test items of the ANONYMIZED.

Thank you for considering Perceptual and Motor Skills for the publication of your research.  I hope the outcome of this specific submission will not discourage you from the submission of future manuscripts.

Sincerely,
J.D. Ball, Ph.D., ABPP
Editor in Chief, Perceptual and Motor Skills
ball@emeritus.evms.edu